(orchestral music)
- All right, I know there's still a ton
of conversations happening.
One of the things that I do love about our church
is that conversations are happening.
And so as you find your seats,
let me encourage you, continue those after service.
That's why we usually give about five minutes.
It's not just to get the kids out,
but it's also to just give you guys some space to connect.
As a church, we wanna continue to prioritize community
because we believe that's why God has created us,
is to live in community.
And that's one of our goals as a church,
is that a person doesn't come in these doors
without feeling connected with,
and we continue to wanna invite you into our family.
And so, as we think about today,
and we think about Easter,
churches and believers all over the world
are celebrating Easter Sunday.
And it's worthy to be celebrated
because of what God did through Jesus
and raising him from the dead.
And something that we're gonna talk about today
and just really try to focus on
is this idea of celebrating Easter every day,
not just on Easter Sunday
because it's worthy to be celebrated.
But there's a couple of things as a church we think through
that it's worthy to be celebrated as well.
Two years ago, even though we celebrated it last week,
two years ago, we actually celebrated
our two-year anniversary and we actually launched on Easter
because Easter changes Sundays.
And so Easter Sunday always brings up memories
of how we started as a church and what God's done
in and through our church in the last two years.
And it's amazing to see that as well and be a part of that.
But something I wanna share with you
before we jump into today's message
is what I'm gonna be talking about
in the next several weeks.
It's a new message series that I'm gonna be doing.
And the reason why I'm telling you now
is because I want you to plan to be here too.
I want you to invite somebody.
And so we're gonna talk about in the next couple of weeks,
this message series called Shalom Shalom.
And that means basically perfect peace.
And what we're gonna talk about
is how there's some familiar people in the Bible.
As we begin to follow them,
they dealt with the same struggles that we dealt with
in some areas that I think will speak to the majority
of the people in this room,
it speaks to me, but also in our community,
those of us that deal with anxiety, worry, depression,
and so much more.
And so I'm excited to be able to walk through that with you
over the next several weeks.
So make sure you invite somebody to come
be a part of that as well.
So whenever I started thinking about today
and I started thinking about a message
that God would share in and through me.
One of the things that I just was reminded of is,
we typically as a church, and I say church,
the whole church, we really work hard.
Easter's coming, Easter's coming,
and we put all this prep and all this work into one Sunday,
which praise God, I'm glad we do,
'cause it is an amazing weekend.
But then I started just thinking,
isn't Easter just as important the day after Easter?
And isn't Easter just as important the day before Easter?
because Jesus has risen.
His sacrifice on the cross and his life coming back to life
means so much because it now changes our ability
to have a relationship with God.
And so I just was challenged with that thought
and I began to think through how important it is
to celebrate Easter and everything that Jesus did
every single day.
But we're really gonna just even talk about
Jesus himself today and his ministry
and we're gonna talk about the resurrection obviously
and we're gonna talk about his call to us,
really his message, his eternal message,
and how that applies to every single one of us
to consider Jesus.
And so this is my challenge to you today
as you begin to think about today
is to not just think about Jesus only on Easter,
or not to just think about Jesus only on Sundays,
but to consider Jesus every day,
to consider who he is every day.
Because if you will consider who he is every day,
it will transform your life every day.
And that matters because God didn't send Jesus
just to die for a moment in your life of salvation.
He didn't die for just an Easter Sunday
for you to attend in your life.
He died so that you could have a relationship
every moment, every day of your life
and experience who God is
to be able to experience his love, grace, and mercy.
And so when we think about this idea of who Jesus is,
we start thinking about this idea of our need for Jesus.
And just wanna ask this question,
does anybody in here consider themselves perfect?
Anybody?
There might, if there was kids still in here,
guarantee hands would be going up.
And here's the thing, if you would maybe consider that idea,
hey, praise God, maybe that is something in your life
where you're pursuing perfection.
But as we really begin to look around,
we probably understand that we all have something
that we struggle with, something that we're not
the greatest that we're not perfect with.
And so here's the great thing
that we're gonna learn today.
Jesus works the best with those who are broken,
those who are not perfect.
And I think that's gonna be true of us today.
And I wanna share this with you today
when we think about Jesus
and we think about why it's important to celebrate Jesus.
In John 14, six, it says this,
"Speaking to one of his disciples,
"Jesus told him, I'm the way, the truth, and the life.
"And no one comes to the Father
"except through me."
When I start looking at that statement,
it is a very inclusive, or excuse me, exclusive statement.
As a society, we're very inclusive.
We wanna include everybody,
and I believe Jesus wants everybody to come to faith in him,
but that statement is very exclusive,
meaning that Jesus is the only way.
And when we think about a world that we live in
and the idea that we have many religions,
Jesus tends to set himself apart as he is the only way.
And so as we consider Jesus,
we need to consider the fact that Jesus
could be the only way.
If you're in this room and you're wondering,
is Jesus the only way?
I think we should consider if Jesus is the only way.
And I think it's important as you're considering today,
as before we kind of jump into this,
I'm not asking you to consider our church.
I'm not asking you to consider our denomination.
I'm not asking you to consider Christians.
I'm not asking you to consider me.
We're all imperfect.
But Jesus is the one in which I think all of us
should consider when we're thinking about who he truly is,
what he claims he is, what others have claimed he is,
and his message as a whole,
that he is the risen savior here to redeem the world,
to save the world from their sins.
So I'm gonna pray for us, and then we'll jump in.
Lord Jesus, we thank you so much for today.
We thank you for the opportunity to gather together,
to be able to remember what you've done for us.
But Lord, I just pray that if there's a person in this room
that is far from you, Lord,
maybe they gave their lives to you before,
and they've really just fallen away from the church,
or Lord, if it's somebody that doesn't know you,
I pray that today you begin to draw them closer to you
and that they'll consider who you truly are
and they'll begin to be changed and transformed
to be able to walk in a relationship with you daily.
And Lord, I just pray as a church and as a pastor,
Lord, I pray that we walk alongside every single person
that is pursuing a relationship with you
and continue to encourage them in this journey.
And so Lord, we just pray this in your heavenly name, amen.
So the first thing that I want you to consider about Jesus
is his ministry, his ministry and why he came.
And so let's look at Mark chapter two, verses 16 and 17.
I'm gonna have all the verses behind us.
I'm gonna be jumping around different verses.
If you're used to working here with me,
typically I'm walking through books of the Bible,
but we are gonna be kind of jumping around today.
But in Mark chapter two, verses 16 and 17,
here's what it says.
When the scribes and the Pharisees,
so these are religious leaders basically,
when they saw Jesus was eating with the sinners
and the tax collectors, they asked his disciples,
Why does he eat with tax collectors and sinners?
When Jesus heard this, he told them,
"It is not those who are well that need a doctor,
"but those who are sick.
"I didn't come to call the righteous, but the sinners."
When we think about this idea and this question
where I asked if anybody was perfect in this room,
and I didn't see any hands,
some of you may have wanted to raise your hands,
but if you represent this idea of not being perfect,
Jesus came for you, he came for me.
And I think at times the church,
and I say the church as a whole,
can sometimes misrepresent Jesus.
And what do I mean by this?
I don't know if you've ever been a part of a church,
I know I have before,
where if somebody different walks in,
that's not like me, doesn't dress like me,
doesn't smell like me, doesn't act like me,
we tend to act like they can't be a part of the church
because of those different things.
Now, most Christians probably wouldn't verbally say that,
but have you ever been in a room full of,
or around somebody that,
they don't have to say a word
to tell you what they're thinking?
Well, I've been a part of a church before
where it seems like that if anybody's different than them,
then you're not really welcome.
And I'll just give you an example.
I remember being a part of a church
where somebody told me, hey, they really,
they came and found me.
I was an executive pastor at that time.
They found me and they said, hey, did you see that person
walk into the service with a hat on?
And I said, there's somebody new here?
Like, great, that's awesome.
They're like, no, we need to go tell them
to take their hat off.
And I was like, what?
Like, what are you talking about?
And so you understand this,
keep your hats on if you got 'em.
That's not a problem.
But what I found was they were more worried
about the hat rather than that there was actually
somebody there to be a part of the church.
And the reason why I say this is at times,
people will begin to think that the only way
in which you can be a part of a church,
the only way you can be a part of Christ
is if you are perfect.
If you come in looking the part, acting the part,
and coming in with a great story,
'cause you guys know this,
if you come in and you say, hey, how's your day?
we better say it's good because the moment that I say
that my life's struggling or our marriage is needing prayer,
man, that's not a place for the church.
That's what some people will say.
I'll say this, if you come in and I ask how your day's doing
and you say, "Hey, it's horrible,"
this is the place for you.
If you're saying you're having struggles in your marriage
or finances or family or just mentally or physically,
man, this is the place to be because this is a church
that says, "Hey, I've been there before.
"I know a God who cares directly for you."
And this really made me start thinking about this.
Anybody recently seen the new movie out
called Jesus Revolution, anybody?
Like nobody, great, I can fill you in.
So Jesus Revolution is about a story
about a church that was their old standard church,
what I would say is your old Southern Baptist church, right?
Everybody wore the right thing,
everybody was quiet while the pastor preached.
The pastor preached a pretty typical message.
It was the same people that showed up every week
and they went home every week satisfied.
Until one day the pastor decided
something seems wrong here.
There's no life in the church.
There's no excitement in the church
about what God has done, speaking of Easter.
And he began to say, why?
And he began to seek the Lord.
And it was interesting, his daughter met a friend.
And in those days, these were the 60s and 70s,
it was a hippie, somebody who was different.
And he came to church,
and he began to help transform that church
because the pastor said, hey, y'all come on in.
and he came in with no shoes.
Matt's done that a couple times.
It's totally cool, no shoes are fine.
Came in with no shoes, hair wasn't nice,
clothes weren't nice, and he actually spoke up
during the pastor preaching, which was the big no-no then.
And the pastor began to kind of see some life.
Well, here was the cool part,
this hippie brought some friends,
and some more friends, and some more friends,
and eventually the members began to complain.
Why?
Because something was different.
And when they began to study the text
of Mark chapter two, verses 16 and 17,
it sounded like this is exactly
what the church should look like.
And actually, some of those church members left,
and they had to get a bigger building,
and more people came to faith in Christ,
and more people came.
And so, all that to say is Jesus came
for people that I would even say are like me.
Even as a pastor, I am not perfect.
And that may be surprising to you,
but it's very not surprising to me at all,
that we all have struggles.
And so, I believe that this text reminds me
of obviously that movie,
that Jesus came not for the righteous, right, the perfect,
but those who don't have it all together,
those who don't have it all together.
And when I begin to think about this,
he came for those who religion typically rejected.
And this is why we talk about that as a church,
it's not about religion, it's about relationship.
Religion is trying to push an idea that is perfection
and this idea of a standard that we have to meet.
And relationship is a standard that Jesus has already met.
And that's what challenges me.
If I can speak truth to you today,
and I tried to speak this a little bit last week
if you were here.
As a pastor, I would not stand here today
trying to preach a message of Jesus
and what he's done just for kicks and giggles.
Like why would I even want this role?
Because this role is not easy.
And the reason why I end up pastoring and preaching
is because God has so transformed my life
through relationship, not religion.
God is so transformed from my life,
he was the one that sat at the table with me
when I was a sinner, broken,
and he still sits with me whenever I'm broken,
and he invites more people into that,
and I wanna be a part of that.
I don't know about you guys, I wanna be a part of people
that welcomes anyone to the table.
I don't care what your background is.
Jesus said he ate with sinners, he was friends with sinners.
And here's the cool part,
unless you don't know this, we're all sinners.
So Jesus sits and eats with every one of us.
And so when you consider the ministry of Jesus,
it was unique from all forms of religion.
He did all the work to redeem us and save us.
And most forms of religion cause us
to have to work for our salvations.
And it's this idea of, I think,
I've been having some conversations lately,
it's hard to let people do things for you.
It's hard to let people do things for you.
Why?
Because especially if you're a guy,
does anybody hate asking for help?
I don't like asking for directions,
'cause that's not manly.
That's why I have Siri and Google Maps now.
But we don't like asking for help.
Well, you know what we have to do when it comes to Jesus?
We have to actually admit that we need help.
And I think that's the hard part.
As when we think about religion,
we actually like to work for things.
We like to do things in order to earn things.
Well, Jesus has done it all.
And whenever I think about our church as a whole,
I wanna communicate this
because I want you to see this picture here.
When I start seeing the people
that have come to Inspire and Hope Church,
here's what I see.
I see people from all different walks of life, right?
Different past religious experiences,
which most of you may not even know this,
but like our backgrounds in Southern Baptist,
but I would say we have more non-background
Southern Baptist people than we have that.
And that may not mean anything to you,
but I think that's a big deal
whenever you think about a church full of people
who have different ministry backgrounds,
religious backgrounds, right?
We have different economic, race, place of origin.
I say place of origin, meaning we have people
that are outside of just Hamilton, right?
from all the way from California, Oklahoma,
some other crazy places, right?
Was it Jamaica, right?
Is that where, Jamaica, we even have Jamaica.
This is awesome, yeah.
So whenever you think about this, what holds us together?
What holds us together as a church?
I would say this, common grace.
Common grace of Jesus.
Jesus met every single one of us at that table
that he welcomed everyone to.
And here is the cool part.
This is what I love about Easter.
Easter reminds me of that church,
that that's the church we wanna be,
that that's the church we wanna continue
to communicate to our community that we wanna be.
And why are we meeting in a gym and a YMCA?
Because it's a place where the community meets.
No offense to anybody else,
I'm totally cool with other church buildings,
and that is working for them.
Praise God, God is doing some amazing work.
But as a church, God has called us to meet in the community.
God has called us to spend the majority of our time
out in the community, sitting and eating with people
who are just like us, broken,
and then you know what we're doing?
We're inviting Jesus into that table,
and we're saying, "Jesus, please meet with us.
"You've transformed lives before,
"and you can transform our lives,
"and you can transform the lives of those around us."
So Jesus should be considered
when we think about his ministry,
and his focus, and his calling.
So let's look at the second thing
that we should consider when we think about Jesus.
We should also consider the resurrection of Jesus.
It's Easter Sunday.
don't talk about the resurrection of Jesus, I probably have missed something,
right? But why should we consider the resurrection of Jesus? If you begin to do
any sort of studying, or if you're in this room today and you're like totally
bored out of your mind because you're like, "Hey, there's no way that Jesus rose
from the dead. There's no way that He is the Son of God. There's no way." Or maybe
you're just contemplating that. I would have you reconsider, right? Once we see
the ministry of Jesus, but then we also see the resurrection of Jesus, right? Why
Why does it matter?
When you begin to study any other forms of religion,
Jesus is the only one that ever came back to life.
Why does it matter?
Let me tell you the story of Jesus.
I wanna walk through this in detail.
So you're gonna see me kinda read some things,
reference some scripture.
But let me tell you the summary of Jesus.
Jesus left his throne.
So think about this.
Jesus was the Son of God, is the Son of God,
and he was the Son of God in heaven.
He chose to leave a perfect place
to come to a broken world for us.
That's an amazing picture that God would leave
a perfect throne to come down to the earth
and to live a life like we lived, right?
So he came down from heaven,
he was miraculously conceived, he was born of a virgin,
he didn't inherit the sin nature that an earthly father would
because his father was God.
He was completely without sin.
Jesus lived a perfect life on the cross,
or excuse me, on life, and then on the cross,
he became sin for us, and he suffered horribly.
We had a Good Friday service here in the Y
with some of the Y members,
and it was amazing to begin to reflect
all that Jesus went through.
And he went through every single thing that he went through
was for us, because Jesus was innocent.
But he was willing to take our place in this.
So while creation, or the people there, were mocking him,
he as creator was being spit on.
He was being hurled insults at him.
he was being beat beyond recognition on the cross,
and then Jesus lifted up his eyes,
and this is what he said in Luke 23, 34.
He says, "Father, forgive them,
"for they don't even know what they're doing."
Question, anybody ever gotten a really bad beating
and just looked up and said, "Hey, I forgive you"?
Most of us probably haven't even gotten a beating.
If somebody's ever wronged you,
is it easy for you to forgive them immediately?
No, we wanna pay them back.
And Jesus' words after all of this was,
"Lord, please forgive them,
"for they know not what they do."
That is a beautiful picture of who Jesus truly is.
Then Jesus cries out this victorious cry in John 19:30.
He says, "It is finished,
"and into your hands I commit my spirit."
And he breathes his last, and he gave his life willingly.
And the reason why I say that
is Jesus had every bit of power
to pull himself down from that cross and say,
"You know what, I'm not gonna die.
"I'm not gonna die, I'm not gonna be sacrificed
"in your place, in everybody's place."
But he chose to willingly die for us.
And that moment he did, the earth went dark,
the ground trembled, and here's what I want you to consider.
When we think about considering who Jesus is,
I think a lot of times we need a perspective
of somebody who isn't within the church.
Because, I mean, here's the thing,
most people who would claim to be followers of Jesus,
wouldn't they say follow Jesus?
I mean, that's a natural reaction.
But the story is, is everybody that follows Jesus
had a story before when they didn't.
I have a story before where I spent six to eight years
hating God, would reject anything that anybody told me.
I did not believe in Jesus at all.
Many of us may have that story, some of us may not.
You maybe grew up in the church.
But this person didn't grow up in the church.
And so the Roman centurion that was standing there
at Jesus's cross when everything went dark
and the ground trembled, and here's what he says.
He says, "I didn't believe before, but I believe now.
"Surely that man was no ordinary man.
"Surely that man was the Son of God.
"Surely that man was the Son of God."
This is a Roman centurion.
One of the guys who was there hanging Jesus on the cross
began to recognize this must be the Son of God.
Three days later, we see that Jesus was laid in the tomb
and he was raised to life.
And then here's the cool part.
He didn't just raise to life and hide himself.
As you begin to study more and more,
some would say upwards to 500 people
saw Jesus after his resurrection over a 40-day period.
And before he ascended into heaven,
he said something to his disciples, right?
"Go therefore and make disciples of all nations."
We talked about this last week.
Here's the interesting fact.
Matt brought it up about, we call it doubting Thomas,
was one of the disciples.
He began to doubt that Jesus was resurrected
and he needed to be able to physically touch Jesus
and see Jesus to recognize that.
and Jesus did that for him and he was able to see him.
Think about this, these were the disciples,
if you know the story, if you don't,
you can go study a little bit in the gospels,
but these are the disciples that left Jesus
and abandoned him once he got arrested.
You wanna know why they left and abandoned him?
Because they didn't wanna be recognized with him.
They didn't want to be brutally murdered like Jesus.
So they abandoned Jesus and whenever Jesus
was sacrificed on the cross and he was raised from the dead
and they saw Jesus, they had a choice to make.
Just like all of us has the choice to make.
Is this truly Jesus?
Did he truly conquer death, hell, and the grave?
And he did.
And his disciples began to follow after Jesus
and they were willing to give their lives
so that other people could experience
a relationship with Jesus.
Why would they do this?
I'm just telling you this,
I would not go sacrifice myself for some individual
that truly wasn't God.
Why?
"Let them take care of themselves
"because I care so much about my life."
But these men understood that their life
was secure in heaven and that Jesus was worth,
sharing Jesus with everybody else was worth their lives.
And I begin to think about
why should we consider Jesus's resurrection?
Because it has transformed the world.
To be able to give us full access to God
through a relationship with him
because of what he's done on the cross, that is amazing.
And then we see after these disciples were, right,
emboldened after they saw Jesus's resurrection,
and they were challenged to go out and share their faith.
They shared their faith,
and over 3,000 people gave their lives to Jesus,
and the church began, and lives began to be transformed,
and because they were committed to sharing the gospel,
we stand here today.
Jesus's resurrection is so important,
because it means so much to us,
but it also means so much to the people
that aren't sitting in these chairs,
the people that are around your neighborhoods,
the people that are in your jobs, and in your schools,
And anywhere you go that don't know Jesus
and haven't got to experience
a life transforming relationship with him,
Jesus' resurrection is important.
It's important to us and it's important to everyone.
So I'm asking you today to consider Jesus' ministry
and why he came and what he did and who he was pursuing,
to consider his resurrection
and even seeing the Roman centurion's response
that he must be the son of God
and even seeing the disciples' response
that they were willing to sacrifice their life
so that others could experience Jesus.
Consider those things as whether Jesus
is truly who he says he is.
The last thing that I want you to consider
is the eternal message of Jesus.
This is in Romans 3:22.
He says this as we ask this question
about how we are made right with God.
He says, "The righteousness of God
"is through faith in Jesus Christ,
"to all who believe, since there is no distinction."
What does that mean?
Basically, this is Paul writing, right?
One of Jesus's followers, and here's what he's saying.
"How are we made right with God?
"By placing our faith in Jesus
"and no one else and nothing else."
By placing our faith in Jesus, no one else and nothing else.
Notice what it doesn't say,
and I think this is so important.
I wanna dive into this.
Notice what it doesn't say
in order to give our lives to Jesus and experience Him.
It doesn't say we are made right with God
because we're good enough.
It doesn't say we're made right with God
because we're not being bad.
It doesn't say we're right with God
because we say all the right words
or by not yelling at our kids, if you have kids,
or I would even say this,
he's not saying we're made right
because we made it to Easter service
without fighting in the car, spouses,
'cause you know, there was a couple of you
that were driving here today,
And you said some choice words to each other,
and the moment you got out of the car,
you walked up to the greeters outside and said,
"Hey, how you doing?"
And they said, "How you doing?"
You said, "Good, 'cause you're lying.
"You're lying."
Here's the thing that I love about Jesus.
He says, "Come as you are."
And if you walked in this room, perfect.
Keep those halos over your head,
and I pray that maybe God's been tremendously
working in your life, but I would say most of us
is probably walking in here not perfect.
and he's came for us.
So Paul explains being made right with God
is by placing our faith in Jesus.
And he says this is true to everyone who believes.
And I love that word everyone,
and I circle that because Jesus,
we say he's exclusive in his message
that Jesus is the only way to God.
So that's exclusive, but he is very inclusive
because he says that the gospel,
the message of Jesus is for everyone, for everyone.
So no matter who we are or what we've done,
doesn't matter how bad we've been,
it doesn't matter how bad your life is messed up right now,
it doesn't matter how many people you've hurt.
And what I'm saying, it doesn't matter.
Yes, it does hurt those people.
What I'm saying is Jesus can still come into your life
and transform you.
He can still come into your life and transform you.
You are made right with God because Jesus is perfect,
not you.
Because Jesus paid for your penalty of sin, not you.
That's the reason why we can come to Jesus.
And this is the difference between religion
and relationship.
I wanna talk just briefly about that.
Don't miss this.
Jesus did not come to start religion.
He came to reject religion.
That's the Pharisees and the teachers
that were looking for perfection.
Jesus came to save us, to give us eternal life,
to show us the love of God.
Religion requires performance.
Relationship is about Jesus and what he's done.
And so I'm just gonna challenge you today
to consider the eternal message,
that you're not made right with God by your own works,
but by what Jesus has done for you.
I don't know about you,
the reason why I'm saying consider this
is because I know that I could be speaking
to a room of people that are believers,
that are following Jesus,
but maybe you follow Jesus only on Sundays,
maybe occasionally,
and I'm challenging you to consider Jesus every day,
not just Easter Sunday, not just on Sundays in general,
But every day that his ministry, that his resurrection,
and that his eternal message that he gives us
is worthy to be remembered every day
and to be experienced every day.
But I'll just tell you this,
the things in which I've learned as a pastor
over these last 10 years,
and as a believer almost the last 13 years,
the more and more that I get to know God,
the more and more I get to know Jesus,
he is worthy to be followed.
He is worthy to be believed in
because he does transform lives.
I'm evidence of it.
God has transformed my life
because I used to be the person, again,
that would persecute Christians.
I used to be the ones that would make fun of Christians.
And that used to be me, and I'm so glad it's not,
and God reminds me of his love and his mercy.
But I would also say this,
that this message is for anyone
who has not given their lives to Jesus.
If you're in this room and you say,
"Hey, I've never experienced a true relationship with Jesus.
"I've never experienced that God's ministry was for me.
I've never experienced that God's resurrection was for me.
I've never experienced the eternal message
in believing and being transformed by it.
That is for you.
Jesus is here for us.
So as we consider today,
I wanna just challenge you with just a couple of things
as we go into invitation.
We talk about invitation as a church.
Invitation can become a ritual religious thing.
And when I think about invitation every single Sunday,
that every church has it and we have it,
the thing that I ask the Lord every time,
is Lord, do not let this be a ritual.
Do not let it be something
that we just go through the motions,
we'll sing a couple of songs,
you know, the pastor will preach and give a challenge,
we'll close our eyes, acting like we're considering it,
but really thinking about lunch, and then we'll go home.
I'm serious, you may think I'm crazy.
And some of you are nodding your head
because you know that's what you think of.
I pray that we don't come in here
just experiencing Sunday morning,
'cause this is what we do,
or just coming on Easter because this is what we do.
I'm praying that we are transformed
by the message of the gospel,
that we are taking home and experiencing God completely.
So I'm gonna take some time to pray
over a couple of different things,
but at first I just want us to pray,
and then we'll continue on talking.
Lord Jesus, I pray that you open our hearts and minds
during this time and remind us of what you've done
through your son Jesus.
Lord, just by sending him to the cross
and Lord, that Him being able to take every one of our sins,
Lord, past, present, and future,
and Lord, you've placed that on Him
that day that He was crucified on the cross.
But Lord, I'm so thankful for the resurrection
to be reminded that Lord, He has overcome death.
He's overcome our sin,
and that Lord, if we'll place our faith in Him,
that Lord, it will transform our lives.
And so as we continue to pray,
I just wanna challenge you
I want you to just think through a couple of things.
Number one, I want you to think
and ask the Lord this question.
I want you to ask the Lord,
have I been falling away from a true relationship with Jesus?
If you've given your life to Jesus,
this is those of you that would say
you have not been making Jesus a priority.
Here in a moment, I'm gonna pray for you,
but I wanna challenge you today
to confess to the Lord that you have struggled
to keep Jesus a priority.
I want you to pray to the Lord and say,
Lord, remind me that what you've done on the cross
is more important than anything in my life.
Remind me of the power of the gospel.
And so I just wanna pray for you if that's you today,
struggling with trying to make Jesus important.
And so if that's you today,
I just want you to raise your hand.
I'm gonna pray for you, pray for those who are struggling
to just walk in their faith,
needing Jesus to consider,
consider Jesus every day of your life.
And I just wanna pray for you.
So let's take some time to pray.
Lord Jesus, I know Lord that there's people
that are just in this room and Lord, even myself at times,
that we just need your power and your love.
And Lord, we need to be reminded
that what you've done for us is so important, Lord,
that it's not just important on Sundays,
that it's not just important when we need you,
but it's important every day.
So Lord, I just pray for each person in this room, Lord,
that feels like maybe they've been putting you to the side.
And Lord, that today they can walk out saying
they wanna prioritize a relationship with you.
Lord, I pray that you give them excitement,
you give them direction.
Lord, I pray that they come and they talk to me
or someone else in this church and they say,
"Help me prioritize my relationship with you."
And as we continue to pray,
I know that there could be a room this size
on an Easter Sunday that somebody walks in this room
and they haven't given their lives to Jesus.
That they're saying, "You know what?
"I don't know if I truly believe
"that Jesus rose from the dead.
I don't know if I truly believe
that Jesus' ministry's for me.
Here's my challenge today.
Today is the day of salvation.
Yes, Jesus came for you.
Yes, Jesus' resurrection was real.
And his life for you,
to experience a relationship with you is so important.
And so I just wanna challenge you today,
if that is you and you wanna give your life to Jesus,
what do you do?
You repent of your sins,
you ask God to come into your life,
and you ask God to give you a new life.
And so I wanna challenge you is this time I'm gonna pray.
If that's you and you wanna give your life to Jesus,
I'm standing in the back of the room.
And the reason why I do this is 'cause I wanna give you
the opportunity during invitation
to come back and ask questions,
for me to pray with you and talk to you more
about how to give your life with Jesus.
Because Jesus is worthy to be worshiped.
Jesus can transform your life and experience a new hope,
a new relationship with him.
And the rest of us, as we continue to go through invitation,
I just pray that you offer up worship to the Lord for today
and for the Lord to guide you
in your relationships with him.
So let's pray.
Lord Jesus, we thank you again for the hope of the gospel.
Lord, that you change lives and transforms lives.
And Lord, I'm just praying for the person in this room,
Lord, that does not know you.
And today, Lord, they are prompted to know you.
They're prompted to give their lives to you.
Lord, I pray that you give them the boldness to stand
and to come back and to be able to talk to me
about how to give their lives to you.
Lord, what a better day for someone
to give their lives to you than on Easter Sunday,
the day that you rose back from the grave.
God, I just pray that you move in our church
and everyone in this room, Lord,
I just pray that you lead them to worship
during this time of invitation,
to lay down their lives and surrender, Lord,
their lives to you, no matter if they followed you
in the past before or not, Lord.
I pray that we leave out of here refreshed and renewed.
And we just pray this in your heavenly name.
Amen.
(gentle music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]